# Week 15 Design Log
Explicit Statement: I am not blocked, but I have a lot work to do. 

## Questions: 
I think that we need to slow down as we are moving too rapdily without enough verfication. I feel like it is good pace, given the progress we made wrt to the start of the semester and this need to be a consolidation point to set good fundamentals for the next semester. 

# Week Overview
- Completed Final Design Presentation
- Discuss personal works for the semester and goals/steps for the next semester
- Complete list of smoke test for issue stage.
- Work on the final document

# Work:
- Created the framework for our final presentation and top level views (background, workload, motivation etc.). Left specifics to other team members to complete (also I did issue slides too)

- Completed issue stage list of smoke tests after group/team discussion on Thrusday. Scan through our implementation to refresh what we were doing and determine what I should be testing for a robust issue stage
  - I actually have an idea, if everyone can come up with their list of smoke test, we should actually trade between FE/BE to verify the list. Because this will be really good to make sure that when we integrate as a whole hardware team, everyone has a better idea of what is going on. Even to understand a part of BE, for instance D$, there is a lot of dependencies that will require Q&A that should close/bridge the comms that we are kind of lacking right now. 
  
  - Working on the structure of the Final Senior Desgin document, I want to set up the "infrastrcture" of the document so that in Sunday's team meeting, we can all  FE/BE jsut sit down and get as much work done on it as possible. The upcoming two weeks are gong to be really busy for me, so it would be very helpful to get this out of the way. 
  
- Issues
  - I feel like we are moving a bit too fast, and am glad that the team and advisors are agreeing to slow down at the end of the semester, consolidate to set up for good fundamental for the next semester when we want to push the simulation forward. 
  - Had a discussion with Jing on what I could do better as a team member, as I noticed that I typically am "braking" too much, and wanted to ensure that I wasn't hindering the entire progression. Feedback was that there needs to be a balance between progression and bring robust/thorough in terms of approach; ultimatley that all begins with communication. So we want to work on being more active in the Discord threads or, just a avenue that ensures everyone is on the same page.
  

# Next Week:
- Complete the Design Review Doc
- Complete all of the SoCET Wiki items