# Explicit Statement: I am not blocked, but I am stuck. I am going to resolve this issue tomorrow, 09/25.

__Progress:__ I have not been able to make any progress on the microarch, as an exam this week took up most of my time, and we are still unsure of whether we will need a FUST or not. The most recent discussion is that we will have either a FUST for variable latency functional units only, or a simple request FIFO with the variable latency functional units. So I do not believe we will need a dedicated FUST module with complex logic, but I will verify in a meeting with Jing tomorrow, 09/25. 

For the issue stage of the GPU, I have read (and am still reading) back over the *Analyzing Modern NVIDIA GPU Cores* paper, specifically section 5.1 on the Issue Scheduler, but I am still a bit confused on this. I need to see the entire flow of the GPU before I can really grasp this and work on the microarch for it (I couldn't make it to the meeting where it was explained, in interview). I will go over this as well in meeting with Jing tomorrow, 09/25. 

We may also need to divide up the workload a bit differently now too, as I heard that Kai Ze may no longer have a scoreboard to write since it will apparently be handled by software (I don't really understand this), and I may not have a FUST unit to write, but once again, need to get this cleared up.

__Future Plans:__ Moving forward, I am going to meet with Jing tomorrow, 09/25, to sort out this confusion and get chugging along with the microarchitecture. I will do my best to ensure I am caught up and in-line with the date we set in the timeline for the microarch to be finalized (this Sunday). Once I get a more comprehensive idea of how the whole GPU flows and what our scheduler will look like (I believe the issue scheduler will use a simple GTO, but I could be wrong), I am going to work on the microarch and verify with Jing/another TA to make sure everything makes sense. In addition to this, I am going to meet with my team and we are going to talk about our individual microarchs for each unit we have been assigned and whether we need to make tweaks to get everything to integrate nicely. Once I have all of this information and have decided on a microarch that the team agrees with, I will reupload this design log as week5_updated.md