# Week 13 Design Log
## Explicit Statement: I am not stuck or blocked.
## Progress
Progress this week wasn't much, I didn't really get around to doing much after Kai Ze and I made changes to the issue stage for the design review. I was having issues with 437 multicore and wanted to make it to as many lab sessions/OHs before thanksgiving break to ensure everything is working as expected. I worked on the poster for our poster presentation on Tuesday, and I have also began altering one of the shortcomings of our issue stage, as right now we have instructions being pulled from the iBuffer for the warp group that the warp scheduler feeds down. The problem with this is that if our upstream is stalling due to an icache miss, the issue will not be able to pull anything from iBuffers since it blindly follows the warp scheduler instead of having its own fallback-issuing policy. Kai Ze and I will work on this and get it done as soon as possible so that we can continue full integration.

## Future Plans
Kai Ze and I need to have a meeting/talk with both Dan and Seth about what issuing policy we want, as well as talk with either Jing/Sooraj to see if they have a recommendation about this. I don't want to put together a random policy here and have it be inefficient/run into issues later because it wasn't good, so I think it would be best to have a discussion about this to see what would make the most sense. After we get this sorted out, we need to begin with full integration, so we will need to have a meeting/talk as a team for how we want to move forward with this. If everything in the frontend is done, then I can start on connecting the units via the forwarding/latch IFs, so I will need to ask Yash and Dan about whether these are completely done so that I can begin on integration for them. Our meeting today, 11/20, was simply design review presentations for those that did not get to go on Sunday, so we didn't really have time to talk about any of this.