# Week 12 Design Log
## Explicit Statement: I am not stuck or blocked.
## Progress
Progress this week has been pretty solid, I have been working on the issue stage + OC + iBuffers + regfile accesses this week with Kai Ze, and we have altered the issue stage to account for FU readiness, as well as adding additional tests + functionality for when iBuffers fill up, as well as what issue logic to use for when the icache misses and we must go to memory, as the stages before will not be feeding any useful instructions down the pipe to the issue stage in this case. For fetch stage, we decided there really wasn't a reason to designate a FetchStage class for it, so it will simply be the warp scheduler logic feeding the PC down into the icache, and then the icache output going into the latch between the "Fetch" stage and the Decode stage. Since Dan has already designed the warp scheduler, and Yash has been working on icache + memory, so they volunteered to just integrate those two units into one stage since it shouldn't be very time-consuming. Kai Ze and I have also put together a code walkthrough video for the design review tomorrow, Sunday 11/16. Other than this, I wasn't able to get to a ton this week for the funcsim due to the 437 exam, but I feel like we are in a pretty good spot with the Issue Stage.

Below is the github branch with all of the work that I have contributed to the project thus far. The relevant file that I worked on this week in the branch is issue.py: https://github.com/Purdue-SoCET/gpu/tree/zach_latch_forwarding_IFs/gpu_sim/cyclesim

## Future Plans
Next week we are going to need to begin putting all of the units together, which will require everyone to make use of the Latch and Forwarding IF classes that I created last week-ish. I imagine this is going to be quite difficult to get everything together so this going to require great communication between both frontend and backend teams, as well as some work sessions together. But we need to have a meeting right after the design review tomorrow to make sure everyone is on the same page with how we are integrating. I will explain how I have set up the classes in the design review tomorrow, so hopefully that will clear any confusion.